welcome to the broken heart gallery
[Music]
Lucy do you think you want to try
getting out of bed today
we're getting smell complaints from the
city have you just been masturbating and
braiding your hair for three weeks my
vibrator will never break my heart well
it will break your vagina Lucy listen
we're in completely different places you
need to get a grip he's with someone
else now how do you get over someone
what getting any microt loosely joint
last silver Prius and also I have had
the worst night of my life
this isn't a lift this is my car hello
I'm sorry
you know I'll cancel your not at all so
who are you my name is Nick okay good
night thank you can't have a good
relationship because you're constantly
mourning the old one you keep something
from every relationship at least get rid
of the ex memorabilia Lucy would also
Nick you just magically show up
everywhere are you a stalker
[Applause]
the car was just pregame this is where
you actually murder me I'm trying it
into a boutique hotel do you see this
time it's the only thing I have left
from my last relationship
why are you leave it here a nail
perfectly placed you look at that like
art in a gallery I can help with the
hotel in exchange for galleries right
course we could use the help
you start tomorrow get us the coffee
nothing with actual dairy he gets really
sensitive and it's Tommy hey Nick can I
come in
how did you get in here your roommates
and we're sharing something and you are
not wearing any pants
stitches this map was here this morning
yep this is amazing there are broken
people out there like me people need to
let go and move on is this the break
you're in the right place welcome I'm
ready to hand it over
it has an odor we're in business baby
love makes you do crazy stupid
irrational things remember me what's
this guy doing her guys
welcome to the broken heart gallery
heartbreak is the loneliest feeling in
the world and the truth is it happens to
us all I think you should put your penis
in his vagina oh I should put my penis
in his
[Music]